Short Biography
---------------

:date: 2017-05-05 10:48
:slug: short-bio
:summary: Short biography, for all purposes

André Anjos received his Ph.D. degree in signal processing from the Federal
University of Rio de Janeiro in 2006. He joined the ATLAS Experiment at
European Centre for Particle Physics (CERN, Switzerland) from 2001 until 2010
where he worked in the development and deployment of the Trigger and Data
Acquisition systems that are nowadays powering the discovery of the Higgs
boson. During his time at CERN, André studied the application of neural
networks and statistical methods for particle recognition at the trigger level
and developed several software components still in use today. In 2010, André
joined the Biometrics Group at the Idiap Research Institute where he works
mostly with face biometrics. His current interests include reproducible
research in biometrics, anti-spoofing and recognition using faces, pattern
recognition, image processing and machine learning. André currently leads the
design and implementation of the BEAT platform for evaluation and testing. He
teaches graduate-level machine learning courses at the École Polytechnique
Fédérale de Lausanne (EPLF) and serves as reviewer for various scientific
journals in pattern recognition, image processing and biometrics.


Shorter Version
===============

*(if you must)*

André Anjos received his Ph.D. degree in signal processing in 2006 studying the
application of neural nets and statistical methods for particle recognition in
the context of High-Energy Physics experiments at Large Hadron Collider at
CERN, Switzerland. He joined the Biometrics Group at the Idiap Research
Institute in 2010 where he presently works with biometrics, security and
computing. His current interests include reproducible research, pattern
recognition, image processing and machine learning. André teaches
graduate-level machine learning courses at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de
Lausanne (EPLF) and serves as reviewer for various scientific journals in
pattern recognition, image processing and biometrics.


Picture
=======

.. figure:: {filename}/images/pictures/andre-anjos-600x600.jpg
   :width: 40 %
   :align: center
   :alt: André Anjos (600x600)

   Current profile picture to use for professional applications (600x600)
   pixels
